adding pkce link, em dash clean up, sample code na removed, other nits (#2887)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/main/openidconnect/appidpinokta.md

* **Name**: Enter a name for the Identity Provider configuration.
* **Client Id**: Paste the app ID or client ID that you obtained when you configured the Identity Provider in the previous section.
* **Client Secret**: Paste the secret that you obtained in the previous section.
* **Scopes**: Leave the defaults. These scopes are included when Okta makes an OpenID Connect request to the Identity Provider.

    By default, Okta requires the `email` attribute for a user. The `email` scope is required to create and link the user to Okta's Universal Directory.

In the **Endpoints** section:

Add the following endpoint URLs for the <StackSelector snippet="idp" noSelector inline /> Identity Provider that you are configuring. You can obtain the appropriate endpoints and the required scopes in the well-known configuration document for the Identity Provider (for example, `https://${theIdPdomain}/.well-known/openid-configuration`).

> * **Issuer**: The identifier of the <StackSelector snippet="idp" noSelector inline /> provider. For example, where you created the Identity Provider app: `https://${theIdPdomain}/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Issuer**: The identifier of the <StackSnippet snippet="idp" inline /> provider. For example, `https://${theIdPdomain}/`.
```
where you created the Identity Provider app?
